# PnlAITk
Part of my covid project and part of my long obsession with predictive markets, I have created a web page that displays and allows to compare best and worse performing trading strategies. 

TL;DR List of top trading algo gainers and losers.

## Product
Typically the trading newsletters and stock-scanners display only price return for top market gainers and losers. I was also interested in inspecting top and bottom performing trading strategies for given set of securities and could not find any websites that do that. So I decided to create a tool of my own.

Top and bottom performing securities do not tell you if stock is going to go up or down, but they alert you of rapidly changing market conditions, such as change in competitive landscape, impending lawsuit, changes in company management and in the least the stocks you should avoid in your programmatic trading.

Top strategies also do all that, and in addition they can also alert you to a change in the market regime. The most important to me feature however was the actual understanding of trading strategies through observing their performance on live data. I wanted to be able to easily backtest them, change parameters on the fly and see how they change, before choosing my ultimate trading strategy.

I wanted the tool that would help me to answer questions like if there is a better strategy than buy and hold, should I follow greed and fear indicator of the market or do the opposite. The market player who detect change in the market conditions first will reap most benefits. This is idea behind this tool, at least in theory.

## Description
The tool of our website also allows you to customize parameters of existing strategies and essentially create your own strategy and seeing how it will compare to the set of original strategies.

http://ec2-54-185-19-38.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com:5006/srv

* In the section above you can specify security and data range.
* In the section below you can choose strategy to customize and modify it's parameters.
* The strategy comparison table will automatically update and will display a newly created strategy side by side with the original strategies.

## Technology
The tool is developed on bokeh and python and allows you to edit configuration parameters of each strategy all without programming knowledge.

The strategies are fully specified via key/value pairs in the format of ini files used to initialize programs. The strategy classes are autogenerated by reading the ini config files dynamically using "factory" pattern.

You can find a simplified code in this github repo: https://github.com/varturas/PnlAITk

## Next Steps
In the future I want to give users ability to monitor their chosen strategy by receiving trading algo alerts whenever performance of their custom trading algo is changes significantly.
You can receive daily newsletter with the list of trading strategies generated by above-mentioned web-tool by registering on http://pnl.ai/ and checking subscribe checkmark.

